gcp/modules/github-actions/README.md, before:

# GitHub Actions for GCP Artifact Registry and Cloud Run

Minimum configuration To use the module, the following needs to be specified:

```
module "github_actions" {
  source                 = "github.com/rickliujh/tf-tmpl//gcp/modules/github-actions"
  project_id             = google_project.proj.project_id
  github_org             = "rickliujh"
  github_repo            = "kickstart-gogrpc"
  github_org_id          = "36358701"
  artifect_repository_id = google_artifact_registry_repository.gar.repository_id
  cloud_run_service_name = google_cloud_run_v2_service.kickstart_svc.name
}

```

## MISC
This module apply custom claims condition on WIF provider level, you can also apply IAM policy condition through Service Account instead:

```terraform
data "google_iam_policy" "ci_gar_push" {
  binding {
    role = "roles/artifactregistry.writer"
    members = [
      "serviceAccount:serviceAccount:{projectid}.svc.id.goog[{namespace}/{kubernetes-sa}]",
    ]
    condition {
      title      = "${var.github_repo} specific"
      expression = <<EOT
    attribute.repository_owner_id == "${var.github_org_id}" &&
    attribute.repository == "${var.github_org}/${var.github_repo}" &&
    (
      (attribute.ref == "refs/heads/main" && attribute.ref_type == "branch") ||
      (attribute.environment != "${local.github_prod_env_name}" && attribute.ref_type == "pull_request")
    )
EOT
    }
  }
}
```

Commit message:

feat(gcp/github-actions): github token key variable for secret manager

gcp/modules/github-actions/README.md, after:

# GitHub Actions for GCP Artifact Registry and Cloud Run

Minimum configuration To use the module, the following needs to be specified:

```terraform
module "github_actions" {
  source                 = "github.com/rickliujh/tf-tmpl//gcp/modules/github-actions"
  project_id             = google_project.proj.project_id
  github_org             = "rickliujh"
  github_repo            = "kickstart-gogrpc"
  github_org_id          = "36358701"
  artifect_repository_id = google_artifact_registry_repository.gar.repository_id
  cloud_run_service_name = google_cloud_run_v2_service.kickstart_svc.name
  github_token_secret_manager_key = "github_token_secret_manager_key"
}
```

## Before apply
To use this module, few manual setup is required:

1. Obtain github personal access token. 
  [Get Fine-grained personal access tokens](https://github.com/settings/personal-access-tokens)
  Permission required:
  - Read access to metadata
  - Read and Write access to actions variables and secrets
  Token scope can be restricted down to repository level.

2. Create a secret on GCP secret manager
  [Secret Manager](https://console.cloud.google.com/security/secret-manager)
  You might need to enable service api first.
  When you apply, a secret key is required for variable `github_token_secret_manager_key`

## MISC
This module apply custom claims condition on WIF provider level, you can also apply IAM policy condition through Service Account instead:

```terraform
data "google_iam_policy" "ci_gar_push" {
  binding {
    role = "roles/artifactregistry.writer"
    members = [
      "serviceAccount:serviceAccount:{projectid}.svc.id.goog[{namespace}/{kubernetes-sa}]",
    ]
    condition {
      title      = "${var.github_repo} specific"
      expression = <<EOT
    attribute.repository_owner_id == "${var.github_org_id}" &&
    attribute.repository == "${var.github_org}/${var.github_repo}" &&
    (
      (attribute.ref == "refs/heads/main" && attribute.ref_type == "branch") ||
      (attribute.environment != "${local.github_prod_env_name}" && attribute.ref_type == "pull_request")
    )
EOT
    }
  }
}
```
